Add contributing docs (#269)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-bridge: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Filing Issues
A good issue can mean the difference between a quick fix and a long, painful fixing process. That's why the
following guidelines exist:

>  - Use the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-bifrost/issues) to file your issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Use the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-appservice-bridge/issues) to file your issues.
```

Author: Fixed. Good spot :+1:
